▶Ep. 4 The Dark Mage's Eternal First-Years

St. Saints Academy.
It was the hellish season of exams.

"Ah~ exams are coming up soon, huh~"
"Really... now that we're in high school, it's a whole different level.. I'm worried."
"As long as you don't get a failing grade, it's OK— though."

Kuro and Eunho's utterly typical high-school-boy conversation lasted only a moment.

Thud-thud-thud-thud—

As always, ominous footsteps came closer.
By now, the reader can probably guess whose.

"Hey! Everyone! Did you know? The legend of Class 1-B!"

It was Herbaeken.

"Even our class has a legend?"

Good-natured Kuro humored Herbaeken.

"Of course!"

Herbaeken happily went on with his explanation.

"Long ago, in this very classroom, there was a student who got a failing grade and was held back, and then the next year... and the year after that, he failed again.. unable to graduate, on and on and on.. still a first-year..."

Herbaeken pointed at someone in the corner.

"Right over there."
"Eh—!?"
"That counts as a legend!?"

He really did exist, right there in the classroom.
A gloomy-looking twenty-seven-year-old student(?).
A dark adult, drained of all teenage vitality, sat in the very same classroom.

"That's Hashida! They say he's twenty-seven. Getting to see a legendary figure in person like this—isn't it amazing~?"
"A high school first-year for ten years running—is that even allowed;;"
"I...I've never gotten a failing grade, so I should be fine..;;"

Eunho was dumbfounded, and Kuro felt a fresh fear of failing.


*

Rattle—

Just then, the homeroom teacher came in.

"Good morning, everyone~"
"Good morning, gero."

[Class 1-B Homeroom Teacher: Murasaki (35) / Special Skill: Ventriloquism]

A dreary aura that made one doubt whether he was really a teacher at all.
He was an eccentric old bachelor of a teacher who wore a frog puppet on his right hand and did ventriloquism.

"Haha.. I trust you're all preparing well for midterms?"
"Yes~"

"Today starts with my class from first period, I see.."
"Everyone, open to page 50, gero!"


***

"Weru weru gero~ Wazza sapuraizu tu faindo yuu hiia~"
"Yuu don rukku sapuraizudo atto ooru gero! Kiipin za yuujuaru pookaa feisu gero?"
"Ai einto kiipin a pookaa feesu."

Mr. Murasaki, wielding the kind of English pronunciation you'd expect to hear in a certain basketball anime. And the students' reaction was ice cold.

"Murasaki's class is seriously lame lol"
"How long's he planning to keep up that ventriloquist gimmick? lol"

The trio was uncomfortable with the rowdy mood in the classroom, but did their best to ignore it and focus on the lesson.

"Now, like the example sentence, paying attention to your pronunciation.. ah."

Just then, the chalk Murasaki had set on the blackboard ledge fell and rolled across the floor.

"The chalk......."

The moment Murasaki, down on the floor to pick up the chalk, tried to stand,

Bonk!

"GEROKH!!!!!!!"

Murasaki slammed his head into the blackboard ledge with all his might.
And he ended up saying 'gero' not through Gero, but as Murasaki himself. The students were never going to let that slide.

"Did you hear that? He said 'gero'~ He mixed up his own gimmick~"

Murasaki's face burned at the students' snickering.

'My gimmick, the one I've stuck to so faithfully!!'

But he quickly played it off with a joke, as if nothing were wrong.

"Haha, silly me, making a blunder like this~ Itsu mii suteeki (It's me steak)~"

Holding up a steak pulled from who-knows-where, he delivered his pun, and the classroom went stone cold.

"Ugh, was that supposed to be a joke??"
"That was painfully lame~"

When his masterstroke of a joke fell flat, Murasaki drooped.

The whole class was snickering.
Watching, Kuro felt uneasy at heart.

'Mr. Murasaki.. He's trying so hard—I, at least, should laugh for him..'

Not wanting his teacher to feel embarrassed, he forced himself to laugh at Murasaki's joke.
Spotting kind-hearted Kuro, Murasaki was moved to tears.


***

'Two whole months now since the new school year started.. and I still feel so awkward with the students..'

Murasaki was walking down the hallway all hunched over, whimpering "hnng~ hnng~".

That was when it happened.

"Funyo!"

He tripped over his own feet, with nothing there at all.

"Gweeh!"

He fell in an ugly heap, and the teaching materials in his hands scattered across the floor.

"Aah! My teaching materials went everywhere..!!"

Miserably, wretchedly gathering up his materials, Murasaki thought.

'Aah, why am I always like this.. Never respected by my students, only laughed at.. Maybe instead of the Gero gimmick I should've gone with a bunny or something cuter after a—'

As Murasaki's thoughts veered well off course, someone appeared before him and helped pick up the materials.

"Here you go, sir."

It was Kuro.

"Thank you, Kuro.. You really are a kind student, Kuro..."

Murasaki scratched the back of his head.

"How embarrassing, letting you see your teacher in such a pathetic state.."

Kuro, flustered, tried to comfort him.

"You're not pathetic! Hang in there, sir! Your classes are fun, so..!!"
"...!"
"See you later, then!"

Once Kuro was gone, the frog puppet on Murasaki's right hand, 'Gero,' whispered.

"What a good kid, gero. Why not, gero? Wouldn't it be fine if Kuro stayed a first-year forever, gero?"

Murasaki whispered back, troubled.

"But Kuro should graduate, become a proper adult, and go out into societ—.."
"Haah!? You know it already, gero! Society is garbage, gero! Make him a student forever, and he'll never have to go through this cold world, gero! This is for Kuro's own good too, gero!"

Murasaki was falling, bit by bit, for Gero's coaxing.

"Maybe so, maybe so......"

In an instant, his expression turned even darker and creepier.
Murasaki muttered, the corners of his mouth twisting up grotesquely.

"Kuro... I.won't.let.you.go."


***

Exam day.

Murasaki handed out the test papers as proctor.

"Good luck on your exams, everyone~"
"Cheating gets you a zero, gero!"

Having received his English test, Kuro grew flustered as he worked through the questions.

"Huh? Why is this exam so hard?"


*

Ding-dong-dang-dong♪

The bell signaling the end of all exams rang, and Kuro went over to Eunho and Herbaeken.

"Hey, guys, wasn't the English exam hard this time..? There wasn't enough time, either..."
"Really? It was so-so, I thought.."
"Kuro's always been weak at English, though~"

Herbaeken said it had been about average and Eunho brushed it off—their reactions left Kuro confused.

'Huh..? That's weird..'


*

A few days later.
Standing in front of the bulletin board where the list of failing students was posted, Eunho was flabbergasted.

"Kuro failed??"

Seeing Kuro in shock, Eunho hurried to console him.

"You just have to do well on the makeup exam!"
"That's right! It'll be okay, Kuro! I'll help you study English!"

Incidentally, Herbaeken was ranked first in the entire school.

"Y-yeah..."

Kuro couldn't shake off the shock of his first-ever failing grade.

"Then let's have a study session at Kuro's place today."
"Sounds good~!"

Friends, doing their best to keep the energy up for their gloomy friend.
But Murasaki, eavesdropping from behind the classroom door, sneered at the whole situation.

"It's no use~ Kuro.. With my dark magic, I made the test look difficult to you and you alone~"

[Murasaki's True Identity: Dark Mage (the good-for-nothing son his family gave up on.)]


***

After school, at the Ryuo house.

Amid the classic early-summer combination of wind chimes, barley tea, and rice crackers, the trio was in special training for the makeup exam.

'Huh.. I'm sure the passages weren't this simple during the exam.. Am I imagining it?'

Looking at the test paper, Kuro tilted his head.

He wasn't imagining it.

A subtle and vicious curse, cast on Kuro's test paper alone.

A trap designed to twist and tangle the passages until they stretched three or four times as long, eating up his time. Dark magic warped so minutely that almost no one would ever notice.

*

At that same hour.
A dingy rented room. Murasaki was racking his brain over how to twist the makeup exam even more cunningly.

'No matter how hard you try, Kuro, your teacher will just try even harder—!?!?'
'It's all for Kuro's sake—!?!?'


***

At last, the day of the makeup exam.

'Everyone helped me, so I should be able to pass the makeup exam!'

Trusting in the special training with his friends, Kuro turned over the test paper.
But the moment he saw the first question, he despaired.

'It got even harder!!'

The exam was now out-of-this-galaxy difficult.

Uppercase and lowercase letters were jumbled every which way, and every font was different, making it impossible to read. Kuro's head swam.

Just then, Hashida, taking the exam in the next seat, muttered as if he had attained enlightenment.

"It's easier if you give up....... The difficulty of Mr. Murasaki's exams is beyond brutal......."
"Hashida......!?"

Murasaki, proctoring from the teacher's podium, chimed in with a grotesque smile.

"That's right, Kuro.. Let's stay first-years forever."

Catching on, Kuro shot to his feet and confronted Murasaki.

"This was all your doing, sir..!! Why!?!?"

At this unexpected reaction, Murasaki broke into a cold sweat.
His calculation—that Kuro was a dim, docile student—had been wrong.

"Y-you seem to have the wrong idea—I only meant it in the sense of keeping you company, since you got a failing grade—"
"Liar! The results aren't even out yet—how can you be so sure I'm going to fail!? Answer me, Mr. Murasaki!!"
"....."

Cornered, Murasaki wailed and launched into a pathetic plea for sympathy.

"Kuro is the only kind student who laughs at my jokes..... You pay attention in my class, you help your teacher, you respect your teacher...... so I'm keeping you by my side forever—!!!"

At Murasaki's desperate cry, Kuro faltered.

It had been kindness, offered out of pity.
But Murasaki had repaid that kindness with cowardly obsession.

At his selfishness, Kuro felt revulsion.

"For a reason like that...."

The moment Kuro's composure was about to crumble.
He switched to Lackness.

"There is no way that could ever be forgiven."

Fwoosh—!

Lackness's flames hurled Murasaki and Gero against the wall.

Splat!

"Gweeh!"
"GEROKH~!!!!"

Lackness looked down at Murasaki as one would at an insect.

"You wretch. Ruining students' lives for the sake of your own desires. Unforgivable."
"Hiiik! Kuro!?"

Murasaki screamed, denying the Lackness before his eyes.

"No!? Kuro was so kind—there's no way he'd be this cold!! You're not Kuro~~!!"

At those words, Lackness's eyes narrowed.

As though it had struck a nerve.

Lackness did not open his mouth again.

In the classroom, only Murasaki's wretched screams rang out.


***

A few days later.

"Congrats on passing the makeup exam, Kuro!"
"Thanks!"

At Eunho and Herbaeken's congratulations, Kuro smiled shyly.

'I don't really remember what happened during the makeup exam, but......'

Kuro's doubts ended there.

That Murasaki was in truth a cowardly teacher, that he himself had turned into Lackness and delivered a stinging rebuke—he remembered none of it.

In any case, he had escaped failing, and Kuro had his ordinary everyday life back.

"Now the Legend Research Club can resume its activities!"
"Ugh, seriously~"

Eunho recoiled at Herbaeken's words.
Then Herbaeken shared some good news.

"And Hashida finally passed his exams too, so it looks like he won't be held back this year, they say~!"

In the distance, Hashida gave a gentle smile.
Congratulations, Hashida!

HAPPY END~

[End of Ep. 4]
