▶Ep. 9 Bang! 4-Split STAGE

The day of the St. Saints Academy culture festival.

Every student had worked hard to get ready for today.
A haunted house, plays, a campfire—fun events galore.
And as for Kuro's class....

It was, of all things, a one-day maid café.
And with the boys' and girls' costumes swapped, at that.

"Ugh.. so drafty..."

Kuro, dressed as a maid, was suffering.

"Party of two, right this way~"

Beside him, Eunho was suffering too as he showed customers to their seats.
But Herbaeken was different.

"Welcome~!!"
"I'll cast a magic spell on your omelet rice~!"
"Be delicious, be delicious, moe moe kyun~!"

Herbaeken, squeezing ketchup hearts onto the customers' omelet rice. The deft way he handled the customers made him the very picture of a perfect maid.

Watching the scene, Kuro was impressed, and Eunho was baffled.

"Herbaeken's amazing~"
"Why's he so good at it?"

Just then, a familiar voice reached them.

"My, my~ what cute little maids we have here."

Kuro cried out in surprise.

"Eh!? Miko!?"

It was Miko, in a black sailor uniform. Eunho recoiled.

"Ugh.. what are you doing here;;"
"I came to see how ridiculous the two of you look~"

Miko took one look at their outfits and cackled.
She took a seat as a customer and ordered.

"I went out of my way to make precious time for this, so see that you serve me well. You there, the maid with the glasses. Cast a magic spell on my omelet rice~"
"Eh, me!?"

Singled out, Kuro squeezed the ketchup timidly, his face bright red.

"B-be delicious, be delicious, moe moe kyun..!"

Kuro, trembling with embarrassment.
Even when he was done, all he could do was nervously watch for Miko's reaction.

"...Hmm~ Something about how embarrassed you are is damn cute. You pass."

At Miko's verdict, Eunho agreed in his heart.

'I get it..'


***

"Finally free~"

Changed back into his uniform, Kuro stretched.

"Shall we take our time and look around the culture festival now too?"

At Eunho's words, Kuro and Herbaeken suggested destinations.

"Wanna go get crepes?"
"They were selling yakisoba too."

The trio left the maid café behind and set off to enjoy the culture festival in earnest.


*

Meanwhile, on the floor below, 'Shiro' was wandering about.

Shiro, wary in this unfamiliar place, and yet unable to take his sparkling eyes off all the curious things.

Seeing a student in a dog mascot head holding a café sign, Shiro headed upstairs.

"Ah! There you are!"
"?"

At the shout right behind him, Shiro turned around.

"Kuro! Sorry, but we're swamped with customers—could you help out a bit more!?"
"Funyo?"


***

"Um.."

Shiro, mistaken for Kuro, appeared, changed into the maid outfit Kuro had worn.

"Hawawa~ I-is it really okay for me to wear such cute clothes..?"
"Ah. Yeah, huh?? With your glasses off you're super cute!"
"!"

Shiro's eyes went round.

"I'll do my very best as a maid, I will~!!"

Thrilled at being called cute, Shiro's energy shot through the roof.

"Be deli~cious, be deli~cious♥ Moe moe kyun!"

Shiro readily copied what the other servers did and cheerfully got on with the job.

"Who's that kid? So cute~"

The customers couldn't take their eyes off the exceptionally cute Shiro, as if bewitched.

"K..Kuro, was he always like that?"

The classmate who had asked for help was baffled by this unfamiliar, un-Kuro-like behavior.


***

"Thanks, Kuro~"
"Yessie~"

Done with the maid café, Shiro set off to see the festival again.

"I heard this one's fun!"

The popular spot where excited people stood in a long line was none other than the haunted house. Shiro picked up on what to do and got in line. At last his turn came, and he was shown in through the entrance.

A moment later.

Boom!

An explosion sounded from within.

"Kyaa! Ghosts are scary, they are~!"

Shiro, bursting out of the exit, bawling.
Acrid smoke seeped out behind him.


***

Meanwhile, at the outdoor events.

A boy got into position to throw a water balloon.

"Here goes~!!"
"Go—!"

Splat!

Amid cheers from all around, the water balloon the boy threw hit Murasaki square in the face.

Murasaki was strapped by all four limbs to a spinning wheel, going round and round. Beside it stood Hashida, in charge of spinning the wheel.

"Sob, sob, nooo..! Hashida, I'm sorry~!"
"Endure."

Hashida was merciless toward Murasaki, as if taking revenge for the ten years of his life he had lost.

On one side of the table, prizes were laid out along with a sign reading [Hit the face and win a prize!!].

"Prizes!!"

Spotting it, Shiro joined the game.

"K-Kuro!?"

Murasaki did not want to believe that kind-hearted Kuro would take part in this game.

"Surely not you too, Kuro, at your teacher..? No, right..??"

No sooner had he spoken than the wheel whirled round without mercy.

Splat! Splat! Splat!

Under Shiro's indiscriminate assault, Murasaki was left a wreck.
But, sadly, every single water balloon missed Murasaki's face.

"I threw so many and I still couldn't hit it~!! I want a prize, I do~!!"

Shiro, rolling on the ground, throwing a tantrum like a little kid.
Hashida, who had been watching, took a candy from his pocket and held it out.

"Kuro, here's a prize for effort."

Shiro popped the candy into his mouth and cheered right up. HAPPY!


***

Shiro looked around the culture festival some more.

[Ferel's Blood Transfusion Juice]
In front of a booth done up in a vampire theme, Shiro drank red juice from an IV bag.

"It's red grape juice, it is~"

[Shota's Doll Exhibition]
The dolls Shota had collected for his master were on display.

"They're cute, they are~"

Shiro giggled "fuhehe," his face melting into a soft, doughy blob of happiness.


***

"This is so much fun, it is~"

Yank—

Squatting by a flower bed on the school grounds, Shiro pulled up a whole handful of flowers.

"Fufu, I wish I could hurry up and kill big brother, and have a school life like this go on every day.."

Just then, someone came up beside Shiro.

"So this is where you were, Lord Lumensia."

In that instant, Shiro changed in the blink of an eye into his own dragon power, 'Lumensia.'

"Shall we get started."
"......"


***

[ "Everyone~ The band club's performance will begin shortly in the auditorium. Please do come and watch!" ]

Eunho reacted to the announcement.

"Huh~ the band club, eh."

Kuro promptly made a suggestion.

"Otani's in the band club, right~ Let's go watch!"


***

"This is bad~!!"

When the trio arrived at the auditorium, they heard the anguished cry of their classmate, Otani.

"Otani, what's wrong!?"
"Our vocalist had an accident and can't go on stage! And the show's about to start..!!"

Otani, looking frantic, and beside him—

"—With injuries this bad..!!"
"Guoh"

There sat a band club member in a wheelchair, bandaged from head to toe.

"No, how do you even get hurt that badly!? Go get yourself hospitalized!"

Following Eunho's jab, Herbaeken spoke with an extremely grave face.

"Aah.. so it was unavoidable after all.."
"What do you mean?"

Kuro asked.

"The culture festival has the legend of the band club.. The legend of Japanese anime, in which the band club always meets with an accident right before the show and the main character steps in as a substitute..."
"Now even the format of your legends is getting way too sloppy.. That's not even a legend..."

Eunho landed a two-hit jab combo.

"Uooh.. I can't let the third-years' final stage end like this..."
"Please! Don't talk anymore! If you talk, your wounds.will.o.pen!!"
"Everyone's been working so hard for this day...! Someone.. a main character!!"

Just as the senior cried out desperately, riding on the third-years' retirement buff.

Stomp.

Lackness stepped forward.

"Kuro..!"

Eunho looked at Lackness with startled eyes.

"I'll get it."

Loosening his tie with a single finger, Lackness flaunted his storm-of-cool Black Dragon power. <<Oi oi, Lackness, that's cheating—!!!


***

Flash!

The stage spotlight.

Jaga-jaan—

The guitar, signaling the start.

Ba-dum-tss!

The drums coming in to match.

"—Mezameru! (Awaken!)"
"Now, the heartbeat that stirred."
"The awakened Dragon's Heart."

Even though he had stepped in as a last-minute substitute, the Blood High School theme song played as if tailor-made for him. Not the version sung by the singer, but the rare voice-actor version. The audience went wild for Lackness's explosively cool turn as a band vocalist.

"Ehh~! Kuro had such a cool side to him~! He never stands out normally~"

His classmates began to reevaluate Kuro.

"Huh~ not bad."

Even Miko gave this performance her approval.

Du-du-du-du-dum— du-du-du-dum— du-du-du-duu-du-du-du-du—!

Meanwhile, as the heavy bass notes resounded rhythmically.
Herbaeken was looking down on Lackness from the auditorium ceiling, in avenger mode.

'The time to act has come.'

Click.

Herbaeken loaded his gun.

'Now, while Lackness has his guard down, is the perfect chance.'

Lackness came into the center of the scope's crosshairs.

'To put an end to this unpleasant feeling inside me... I have no choice but to eliminate that thing.'

He put strength into the finger on the trigger.

'No more failures. This is my clan's revenge. Drop dead. Lackness.'

At that moment.

In his seat, Eunho flinched.

'...Killing intent?'

Eunho rose from his chair and looked around to find where that killing intent was coming from.

'From above..'

Before heading there, Eunho turned to tell Herbaeken, who had been in the seat next to him, that he was stepping away for a moment.

"Herbaeken, I'm just gonna head upstairs for a se—"

But Herbaeken wasn't in the next seat.

In that moment, Eunho sensed that the peaceful everyday had flipped once more into the extraordinary, where they took aim at one another.

But the die was already cast.

Eunho, who had to protect Kuro.
Herbaeken, who had to kill Lackness.
Lumensia, slowly closing in to kill his older brother.
And standing at the center of it all, Kuro, who was also Lackness. (He was just showing off his rock spirit.)

In any case, a hair-trigger situation.

In that instant, right on the song's climax, Lackness fired a finger gun at the audience.

Bang-!

The Black Dragon, firing a finger gun with the spotlight at his back, was simply a storm of cool.

"Kyaaah—!!!!"

Thud, thud. Every member of the audience was hit by that shot and collapsed.

"Kuh..!!"

Herbaeken, watching through his scope, likewise had his heart pierced clean through—zukyun!—by the sight.

And at last, the final figure appeared to break that flow.
Drawn largest of all in the official Blood High School illustration,
the four leads cross paths, in an explosive moment of destiny.


***

"Who's playing this boring rock?"

At that shout the auditorium fell silent, and all eyes turned to one spot.
Lackness, too, turned his head.

A boy who appeared openly dissing Lackness's rock spirit.
A face identical to Lackness's, but he stood with his hands in his pockets, in the cockiest pose in the world.

Kuro's twin brother, 'Shiro.'
The other dragon power dwelling in that body—it was 'Lumensia.'

"My ears are gonna rot!! I can't listen to this~!!!!!"

The audience stirred at the appearance of Lumensia, barging onto the stage to trash the performance.

"Eh~! There are two Kuros..!?"

The twin dragons stared each other down coldly.

Fwoosh—-!

Then, as if to seize~ the upper hand, each unleashed his own flames.
At the flames bursting out of nowhere, the innocent band club members went flying with screams of "Uwaaah!"

Seeing the flames, students just now arriving said:

"Huh~? Is this fire the campfire that was on the schedule~?"
"But nobody's doing the folk dance, though?"

Meanwhile,
watching the scene from above, Herbaeken held his fire.

Lackness's blood-red flames. Lumensia's blue flames.
Two fires of opposite colors. Before that colossal power, Herbaeken froze, forgetting even to breathe.

A new dragon, standing amid the thick heat and blazing flames. Skin so pale it was chilling. A smile too alien to be human, beautifully twisted.

'So there was.... another dragon....!!!!!'

Herbaeken knew it by instinct.
That there was far too much he did not know about this legend of the dragon.

[End of Ep. 9]
